Hotline League is brought to you by
opened by HP where were we we got some
people we have a caller yes we are we're
need to catch up on these mark look I'm
I'm happy though because we've got the
jammie Dodger on the show jammie Dodger
jammy is it Jamie
it's the jammie Dodger yet Jamie is okay
what do you want to talk about Jamie you
never heard of jammie Dodger before what
is it that British Brittany I know
biscuit was either Travis time is it's
okay this other culture of friends is
Dodger a biscuit the jammie Dodger is
okay
so you can't just have a Dodger it's a
jammie Dodger is it like a pronoun
because I assume that a jammie Dodgers
like a Dodger that you've liked it a lot
of jam on like this is that's just one
jammie Dodger racing like you go to
jammie Dodgers man no it's okay why did
you decide to make your discord nameless
my name is Jamie and the joke is that
it's like well I feel less bad about
calling you Jamie Jamie I think I
probably know but I'll ask anyway where
are you calling from
whoa I would've thought Thailand um no
Jamie what do you want to talk about the
show today
I want to talk about how obviously
yesterday someone posted up an infant
article about kings and dragon eggs and
how once again Koreans are hyping up
other regions and I just want to kind of
get your guys opinions and thoughts on
how every single international event
Koreans come out with these interviews
saying how I don't know like tsm's gonna
perform or how fnatic is gonna smash
everyone else like that and how much of
it is just them being polite or
you know people needed know there's a
difference between what Koreans say and
what they mean if there's any truth to
it or if it's whether it's just team's
underperforming and not meeting the
expectations or them just which was
sorry I'm on the invent website what
what was a interview long cuz I missed
it
it was the interview with dragon eggs I
believe it was sin was quoted saying
that the gap between other regions this
time around it's not as big as it was in
the past which yes we've all heard
before specifically from the gap is
closing guys so a share an opinion
that's what all the show runs on comes
kelby sorry no opinions allowed here
only only facts if you're a fight
promoter and let's say you're
representing Conor McGregor right or
Floyd Mayweather one of the one of the
greats or something like that right and
you're in your prime you're gonna
whoever your fighter goes out against
they're gonna crush them your opponent
that they're fighting you want to get
the most views the most sales possible
right is it a good narrative to say that
their opponent has no chance or is it a
good narrative to say that your opponent
is good and this is the guy that might
do the upset you know like they're they
actually have all this strength blah
blah or something like that
that's what Korea's doing they're
putting out fluff pieces about other
regions that they know are weak just to
make it seem like there's some chance so
that their victories that they know are
assured are greater than they actually
are so that the Korean narrative
continues about how their gods when
really they're just shitting on all the
little kids who have much so first off
mark for some reason it's like he did
it's like when you when you we do open
your phone camera and it's actually on
selfie and you're just like oh oh what
is that that's what Mark is expression I
had nothing changed just fishing my with
my dick in my laptop webcam tell the
Skype to use the other one I'm thanks
fucker
[Laughter]
I've got a guest on the show right now
mark your show advise someone who's
grown up on a computer using Skype
really yeah listen it's true jammie
Dodger biscuit boy I don't need your
sass okay I get it up for market Ellison
- so I'm not I'm not saying that that is
actually necessarily a hundred percent
the case but Korea does have a selfish
reason to make other regions look better
than they may actually be yeah I think
usually like shit talk a fair amount -
like oh I'm a brilliant face so bad you
won't recognize I don't want concrete
eyeball they suffer that's the opposite
right bullion that's not some saying is
like there's not as much of that from
the Korean so it's not quite hyped up
the same way but I think to Kelly's
point like I don't think it does anyone
anyone any good to just be like yeah I
think there's an insurmountable gap
between the world might as well not even
tuna yeah yeah that doesn't get anyone
hyped plus if they do lose it just makes
them look even fucking stupider so they
do they go the curry the most creative
the safe play they go for the safe
efficient play so of respecting your
opponent I honestly like I know that
that is such the easy thing to believe
but in talking these guys like I will
ask them off outside of the interview
the interview hands off said that I'm
just like why why do you guys always say
this shit and that's never true and they
always honestly believe it
at least that's the vibe I get from from
the several players I've talked to they
honestly do feel like and I think it's
because scrims happen she like that
happens everything looks like it's a
little bit more closed until people
actually give in to it we've heard time
and time again that like TSM and teams
like them will just come in and like
destroy everyone in scrims Peter has
told me before that about times where
they're just like rampaging against like
top tier teams like SKT and then
obviously like everything falls apart on
stage now I know there's Graham screams
don't matter whatever but I can
understand why in these experiences you
end up with
teams that are hesitant to come out and
be like well once again Korean will
reign supreme
you know because if you're getting you
know cramped on by North American teams
like you're probably more likely to say
this I think it's also the kind of thing
we're like individual skill and Lee
Legends is really really hard to define
cuz like I think at this point we all
accept the fact like for the most part
North American players can decently Lane
alright verse Korean players and they
don't get smashed in Lane and then it
becomes a team game and like your
individual skills and that team game
begin to shine and things like that and
that's I think that's where a lot of
this comes from is like and I don't know
what the Korean perception is of North
American players but I think some people
think like oh my god the Koreans are so
much better they're gonna destroy us and
then it's like no but it's not quite
like that like the first 10 15 minutes
might be close and then like they'll
make a bunch of good plays and stuff
like that so I think it's maybe them
kind of saying like no he's a good he's
a good individual player he's just fine
against me in lane or like sometimes
they beat us in the early game and stuff
like that and then like scrims almost
never never get to like a legitimate on
stage people are approaching these
situations the way they would on stage
to see the actual skill difference in
scrims like that just never manifests in
scrims when it's about there and visual
control for the next 10 15 minutes of
this strip doesn't happen you don't get
to see that scrims historically play way
bloodier than stage matches at least
when when I was managing teams on yeah
before
well until every now and then you just
hear the two teams that are like we
scream at each other all week and it
would just be like nine and oh by ten
minutes and then it'd be like the
opposite the next wait like if it does
feel like like sometimes you just get
like really weird one side stuff anyway
well even when it's close to the screams
it's not close like it is on stage it's
like oh they traded a lot of kills we're
like what if yeah just like wow what
great vision play and rotation since
like bright rooms don't play like so we
should stream scrims and ignore
tournaments because it's much more
exciting to watch dude thank you for
finally getting on my page
2000 other rooms are where the hype is
somehow read between all those lines I
said find my true message listen mark
I've gotten there was a time where I
just sort of took you at face value now
I've started I've kind of got like the
mark whisper thing you know like I hear
what you're saying and when you say like
everything was great at offline I love
all those people you're really like
pokey is the worst person on the entire
planet I get it I now understand I get
it yeah and the best part is if we
stream scrims people will actually think
TSM and these North American teams are
good because I mean some of those I
think I think we figured out the
solution to our problem I'm sorry Jamie
do you take issue with this seems like
you might be a little you biased like
maybe that's why you don't like our
genius idea you're big in a fan I did
[Music]
fine I'm happy that we have a
replacement for Davidson as our our
trader or EU trader for the show hats
off to Jamie who's your favorite in a
team currently Team Liquid currently is
that are you is it like a bandwagon
thing not so much a bandwagon thing I
followed a double lift when kind of a
long time ago with CLG and watching him
like panic kill people on vain pages
like this guy the whole back stock you
know played out like an anime main
character off of his old team by his
best friend yeah yeah dethrones his old
team I thought it was it was a beautiful
story yeah yeah very good but I do want
to come back to when when Kobe said then
about the Conor McGregor style kind of
Koreans hyping them up mm-hmm
I don't know if it's if it's necessarily
in
in their mindset to hype people like
Travis was saying and like talking to
them outside of camera shots and stuff
like that and and talking to them
one-on-one you look at players like Khan
that have no filter and and he just
straight up was quoted saying all top
lane isn't gonna kneel before me so I
wait I think I I'm with the kind of idea
of these Koreans actually do you think
that that there is a chance yeah and to
be clear here I don't think all Korean
players are of the same attitude
mentality personality right it's not
like I mean look at Khan you can you can
pretty tell how Koreans are but yes I do
think that what has surprised me in the
past is that oftentimes you have Korean
players who are very vocal about and
very confident players will still give
credibility to North America or Europe
in a way that they you wouldn't expect
and I don't think that is because they
have been like trained to say nice
things to help build up a match or to
try to get any fans or anything like
that I think I think oftentimes the
majority of the time perhaps it's for
other reasons so yeah Jaime anything
else you want to add here I kind of just
want to say what I'm really looking
forward to this in aside it would be
really interesting to see all like the
obviously seeing doublelift against its
prey of course easy for the like the
first time ever winning is winning with
with these LPL title finally yeah yeah
we're really cool to see all these
idiots Jamie I want to thank you for
being a so because I noticed your sub
thank you so much I actually oh thank
you not a MSI scrilla yes yeah
thank you it's it's helpful it's gonna
be expensive anyway thank you so much
thanks dude mark skip yet don't escape
how comes you're taller so my favorite
collars dude
I mean Davidson says stuff you didn't
want to hear America
I don't think that's the case we need to
import any you callers to open we have
more borders that what you're saying if
we had more international callers this
show than we've had North American
colors especially if you can't Canada I
don't have we had a single what about
the Caribbean is that you have we had a
is curved us congregate no I mean yes I
go is not us
terrible let's move on Tobias ourselves